# Frequency Of Road Accidents In ACT

## Introduction
In in a country as vast as Australia, driving is an essential part of life. Driving here is not a luxury but a necessity. The number of individuals killed or wounded in road accidents in Australia was always a concern for which the government imposed a set of strict road safety rules and regulations. Due to such directives, the road accidents have seen quite a noticeable fall in the numbers of unforeseen contingencies. As a result, the following facts prompted me to learn more and investigate how the crashes have decreased over time. As a responsible resident, I also need to educated myself on road accident data and patterns as they develop and evolve. Therefore, I decided to conduct a study on the frequency of road crashes in order to learn more about the elements and places that contribute to these collisions.

## Data Description
The dataset has been downloaded from [ATC Government](https://www.data.act.gov.au/) Open Data Portal subcategorised as ACT Road Crash Data. With 71823 rows and 14 columns, the following data consists of both tabular and geographic details. It contains the latitude and longitude points of traffic incidents documented in the Australian Capital Territory from 2012 to 2021. The police or the general public have entered these into the “AFP Crash Report Form.” This dataset only includes crashes reported through the “AFP Crash Report Form”; any other accidents are not included (“ACT Road Crash Data”, 202, para.1).
